kedro_tutorial has been renamed to spaceflights (#2364)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/tutorial/package_a_project.md

> An executable, `kedro-tutorial`, is placed in the `bin` subfolder of the Python install folder, so the project can be run as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An executable, `spaceflights`, is placed in the `bin` subfolder of the Python install folder, so the project can be run as follows:
```

Reviewer: So we need it here too, right @martinlarsalbert ?
